First time.
It's my duty to enter the ranks.
The people of the House are calling for justice.
Poetry:
The world is happy to be a high-ranking official and to be able to enforce the law without difficulty.
He's a great man, and he's a bad man.
It's the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do.
Except for Yoon, who has settled the case.
There is no escape from the law.
It is not wrong, but it shall be for the good of the people.
This is why the Qing and the people are at peace.
The people's security is popular.
He who brings forth his hands, he who is idle, and he who brings forth words and works, is empty.
Regardless of what the civilian population is doing, it is necessary to show the law to those who do wrong and to punish it, to forgive it, to hear it and to see it, to punish it with good and evil, and to change their minds and habits.
so that the people may be made more righteous, and they shall be treated with justice.
And those who are able to make the people one another, without a clear sense of authority.
It's not just money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money, it's money.
To be able to protect the nation, to act beyond the reach of the human being and not to do anything, and to rule the people, the snowmen will not be able to do anything and will not be able to do anything about it.
No matter what happens to the people, it's the palace, it's the palace, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's not the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court, it's the court.
There is a spirit of wisdom, a spirit of determination, and then a good voice, and a high office, clear and unmistakable.
The nation of the generation shall have a prison officer, and in Yoo-yun there shall be a prowess, and in Han-gau there shall be a gloom, and in the case of Han-eun, there shall be no harm, and in the case of Han-fi's son, there shall be no more than the ancients of the requitals.
And if the cause of the case comes to pass, and when the matter begins, it is fast-tracked by the sword of the Yang, it will be as soon as it comes to the dead, and it will be unhappily reported.
And if he does it again, as a matter of greed, he will automatically make five logs and break his words,
He is the one who does not fix it, but is the ruler of the land.
If you go to the palace, you can't live with the people!
There is no end to the past, nor is there any faith in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past, nor in the past.
It's a book that's written, it's a miracle, it's a thorough visit, it's a miracle to solve a case.
Or because of the obscenity of the spring palace,
Or for all of its evenings,
Or make money to hurt your life.
or has become an enemy for adultery,
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's dead or mistreated.
It is not innocent to be implicated and to suffer.
A man can only be reconciled, a man can be easily deluded, and a man can go on a short visit.
He thinks of the officers, and he thinks of the devils, so that he may settle his case, so that he may be found guilty, and so that he may be found guilty. And the strangest of the prison is not clear.
And when the spring is weary and the day is restless, We have made the original of this Book for the record, so that it may be made available to all.
I dare not warn the world, but also talk about the silence of those who give it to me.
Poetry:
It's been prepared for surprises, for generations to come.
He who is honest and fair, he has done a great injustice.
The book is from the year of Tang Dynasty.
The Quartet has done a great deal in the future.
When there was a minister named Injee Di, De Ying, from Shanxi Taihara County.
He was dedicated and loyal to his country, in his position as a servant of the Order of the King, and at one point was a servant, such as Yao-hyun and Zhang-Chung, all of whom he recommended.
Only because of Wu Quantue's desire to destroy the DPRK, the Queen wants to give birth to him, and Dee stands up and plays the last one, saying that His Majesty has set up the Prince, and that he will go to the temple to eat.
It was only when we thought about the fact that we haven't heard of our nephews since ancient times, and that our aunts could have a temple, that, apart from this idea, the regressing of the throne and the Emperor of the Central Empire, we called Jen-jee the old nation and the governor of the phantom state.
Then he will take the throne, and he will be crowned with the throne of the Lord of Liang.
The festival of all life, since Tang Dynasty, has been followed by all men and women, saying that he is a loyal subject. No one knows anything about it. It's in the history books, and it's easy for people to know.
There are other things that are not in the history of the nation, but that are in the history of the wild, which are more admirable, not only loyal, but also proficient, but also intelligent, generous and generous.
So, since her assumption of office, the murder of her brother, the murder of her son, the murder of her mother, and the murder of her son, the murder of her son, the murder of her son, the murder of her son, the murder of her son, the murder of her son and the murder of her father, have been investigated by Dr. Di.
Ever since his parents were born, six or seven years old, they've been born smart.
You go to school, you see, you don't have to say.
By the time he was 18, he had learned to be rich, but he was only eight times tall.
After hearing his name, he became a member of the armed forces of the Liang Liang Liang Liang Liang and was promoted to the Länder.
Then he was transferred to the court because he was a magistrate.
And when he came to his office, to rid the place of violence and to clean up the dictum, he had nothing to do with it.
There are four of them.
One name is Joe and one name is Ma Young, and these two are the best guests of the Green Forest.
On that day, he went to Kyoto for work, and he met two of his men who wanted to rob his bag.
Injee saw Ma Young, Jota, all heroism and skill and thought:
“Why don't I give them up, and I'll do something for the King, and he and I can help.
Fong doesn't bury it."
Instead of hiding, he stood up and asked him to stand down.
I don't know about Maroon and Joe too, thank you very much.
And he said, "We are all responsible for this theft, because of the chaos in the world, and because we have the ability to do so, and because we have no knowledge of it, we have failed to do so, so that we may do it. As such, we are willing to do what is best for you, and to do what is best for you."
Then Jen-ji took them as his companions.
The remaining person, Hung Hsing, is the First State Man, who has been at the Dim's house since he was a child.
No one has the power to use such might, but he is a man who has the courage to go and do anything, and is not reckless when he comes to his task.
He's been with him for as long as he can.
One other, Tao Tao, was also a friend of the river, and was later turned into a man who was sent to work for the public service.
Most of his enemies, they come to revenge sometimes, so he casts his vote under Dickens.
We're friends with Ma Young and others.
Since Changping came to power,
The four men took him on a private visit and concluded many difficult cases.
It's a day in the back room, looking at all the business, listening to the lobby, and there's drums.
I knew there was a case, I wore a crown belt and I was in court.
Two sets of soaps are on the bottom.
There's only a 40-50-year-old civilian.
He's sweating all over his face.
I can't talk about it in that room.
Discovery Jay took him with him.
On his knees before the case, he asked:
“What's the matter with you when you have a name, and what's wrong with you, and you don't wait for a court case?”
The human being: "The little man's name is Kong, and his name is Wander.
He lives six miles outside the South Gate in Changping County.
There are a number of houses, which are open only because there are few people.
For decades, nothing's happened.
Yesterday, at night, there were two guests of a trafficker,
He says he's from Lake County. He's on the road. He's passing by.
Because it's going to be late, you'll have to stay in this shop.
I saw him as a passer-by guest, and I took him in.
Drink and laugh at night, as everyone knows.
This morning the sun will shine, and he will both rise up.
And when the equator is reached, behold, Lahoud comes to give his word.
And he said: "There are two bodies at the entrance of the town, and they kill the ground, and they are the guests of your house, and they may be the ones who seek wealth to kill him and put him to death.
Tow the body to the town's entrance and masturbate others.'
There shall be no division between the two bodies, and they shall be dragged to the door of the young man.
So I gave me 500 silver taels to cover it up.
"Why else are these two people out of your shop in this town? It's not a dead body."
So the little man is in a hurry to seek redress from the Lord.”
Listening to his words, Dee raised him to the next level — not as a murderer.
It was a great matter of human life, and he could not be allowed to do so without listening to him.
Yes, it is.
“You say you are a good people of the land,
Why don't you just say it's you?
I'm not a good man to see you. This county can't be trusted.
And bring nuclear power to the earth's armor.”
Then he promised to meet a man in his thirties, and came to him.
With a black mark on his face, and with a green shirt on his back,
Get down on your knees before the murder:
"I'm a six-mile man, Mr. Ka-hud. I'll see you at your service.
This case is under the control of a small man.
I saw these two bodies this morning and killed the town.
We did not know where the guests were. Then the people of the town came to watch them, all of them said they had fallen into the shop of Confucius last night.
I asked him about it. If he had not made money to kill him, why would he have killed both men in the town?
And Konwande said that when he leaves, the sky will be clear.
Shouldn't anyone in the town have walked long ago, even in the road, to meet a strong man?
Asked about the shopkeepers in the town and did not hear the sound of a cry for help.
This was a visible circumstance, when he killed the two men during the night and then dragged them to the town entrance to remove the bodies.
It's a promise from a small man, and the murderer is here, and the Emperor's trial will be at his disposal.”
Dee listens to Hood. He's right.
I’m looking back at Kong Wande, who is not the one who wants to hurt his life financially.
It's true:
"The two of you make one statement,
This district cannot be determined without a comparison.
After the appearance, the trial will take place.”
He said that the two of them had taken them with them. Then he was ordered to wait for them, and they were ready to examine each other.
I don't know what's going on, and look at the next breakdown.
